OK so let's go ahead and continue.
Now what we need to do is have a way of providing a longer service to me just when we need a way of
providing the logger's service here so that this would so that this variable logger would actually be
initialized and so that the logging process would actually occur.
There are three main ways of doing it.
The third one I guess that's the recommended one.
The first way is basically to go into the main tiers main Dotty's and imported here globally with bootstrap
method that basically starts the angular application.
This will mean that there shall be only one instance and one instance alone of the logger's service
across the entire application and it will be the same.
So this is not good for other services that are component specific like account account services.
So it's not good there because account services is not used globally it is only good for basically some
of the services which are used globally such as the logger's service because each one of our components
will need the ability to actually generate Laux and this will work rather well with the at optional
decorator as we only need to basically write it here as I have.
So I either have it here or not have it here.
Either way the application will work.
Not having it here means that there will be no logs and having it here means that there will be locks
and you only need to change it here and here alone and nowhere else.
Not a bad way but not something that we need that we want because you would also need to list all the
dependencies and all the other things we don't really have any now.
But not the best of not the best of ways.
Yeah the cover anyway.
The second way is to include in the component basically app component ts that uses the account service.
This means that this service will exist within this component and all the children will basically be
using it.
So this will be the third method.
Explain it in a moment.
But again it's included like this.
And if app component has it included in the list of providers that means that all the children will
be will actually be able to use it as well.
You don't need to include it here.
Now this again is very similar to the first method except it's not included globally but you still would
have to list dependencies here which is rather bad for us.
What are these depends what on earth is that I'm talking about.
Well just imagine that instead of just private lager here we would have like two three four more you
would need to literally list them all out here one by one and every time you would change something
in in here you would need to go to the other file and change it here as well.
But is it you're bound to create faulty code if you go about doing it in such a way that is why we're
going to go ahead and use the angular way.
I'm just going to go ahead and comment this is just going to go ahead and comment this out and utilize
this.
So I have included the account service providers here and it's used from account dot services.
And if we go to the account services and if we scroll down all the way to the bottom there's a new export
going on here so it says export left and then account underline service providers and this is an array
that can be filled up with pretty much anything.
I'll take that with a grain of salt.
And then we have accounts service and logger's service.
So they are both included in this array.
And we can then pass this array elsewhere we can include it wherever we want.
And once when we make changes here.
So when changes are made here it doesn't matter because all that we need to do is change the array and
the changes will reflect to everything that is using it.
So we just need to change it to conduct changes within this file and changes will be reflected to everything
that's tied to it.
And as you can see here it says providers.
And then you just give account service providers you pass this array and then you of course need to
include this here as well.
But as soon as you pass this array that means that all the dependencies all the services and their dependencies
are actually loaded from the array and passed and passed as providers here.
And therefore they can be used now they can be you they are used by this component by Apter component
at ts and they can be used by all of its children.
So it's not the same as the global providing which I am actually going to remove
just like this that was about that was a bad idea.
Anna
it's already removed.
Sorry it's gone.
I did remove that and realized that sorry.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
Just go ahead and leave this as app component.
I didn't realize that I actually removed it already.
Silly me anyway so we're going to use this way.
And we'll be passing an array of services and their dependencies.
And then that will be including the providers and that will become available to the app component that
TS and to all of its children.
So to parents and to all the children and in such a way were creating a resilience a system which is
easily changed from a single file.
You don't need to jump between files to actually conduct changes you might say well what's the difference
I needed to make a change here and here that still to change is the same as changing the array and changing
it here.
Well no not really because you are just conducting changes within one file.
Yes.
And two places in one file but in one file nevertheless.
And those changes are reflected anywhere where this is used when you need to jump between when you make
a change and want to file for a certain set of variables or something like that.
I mean it's dumped next file or next file next file.
Trust me this leads to errors on end and headaches pretty bad headaches.
So just include it like this as an array and you will have all the things that are listed in the array
of fit made available.
So that would be it.
Here we're going to go ahead and move on to the next chapter.
If you have any questions feel free to ask we'll be more than happy to help you out in any way we can.